add make for docs (#5685)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

## Guidelines

> **Hint:**

Reviewer: I would add this under ### Test cases above. 

Also, can you add a link to the boring model as a base test case?

Author: this is also for building docs which is not test

> **Hint:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Developments scripts
```

> we have added basic make doe you can simply execute following actions from project root (only for Unix):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have added a basic Makefile so you can simply execute following actions from project root (only for Unix):
```
doe is an animal :)

> We have added a basic Makefile so you can simply execute following actions from project root (only for Unix):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the documentation locally, simply execute the following commands from project root (only for Unix):
```

> - clean repo from temp/generated files `make clean`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `make clean` (cleans repo from temp/generated files)
```

> -`make docs` builds documentation under _docs/build/html_

Author: ```suggestion
- `make docs` builds documentation under _docs/build/html_
```

> - build documentation with `make docs` in _docs/build/html_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-`make docs` (builds documentation under _docs/build/html_)
```

> - test the project with `make test`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `make test` (run all project's tests)
```
